Here, um trustee Blackman. Is she running? Oh I see her
walking in.
So trusty Blackman just walked in. Um, trustee sharer here
trustee quo here and trust trustee pelm is also here. So we
do have a quorum
Um, is there anything anyone would like anything to change
on the agenda?
Um, we only have a couple items but
Anyone, if not, I will take a motion to approve the agenda.
I'll move we approve the agenda.
1 second motion a second all in favor. All right motion
carries. Um, and then do we have anyone online for public
comment? I don't see anyone in person. We we do not okay.
Um, and we're only do um
public comment for the closed session or at this point and
then we are going to adjourn to closed session. It should
not be too long be about how long would you expect?
10 minutes or so, and then we'll be back um in Open
Session. Thanks.
All righty. We have returned from closed session.
And I have um 2 items to report out of closed session. The
first is a motion was made by trustee sharer and seconded
by trustee spec to approve the appointment of chiharu
kitchens. So the to the certificated leadership position of
assistant principal Comprehensive High School. The motion
was approved with a 50 vote.
And a motion was made by trustee spec and seconded by
trustee Blackman to approve the appointment of Cindy ma to
the classified leadership position of supervisor Child
Nutrition Services. The motion was approved by the vote of
5 to zero.
And that is all we have to approve out of closed. Um
I don't know your last name. I'm sorry.
20 that's 20 can trustee pwani. Please lead us in the
Pledge of Allegiance. Yes.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of
America.
To the Republic for which it stands 1 nation under God
indivisible with liberty and justice for all.
Thank you. And could you also please read our district
mission statement? Yes Dublin Unified School District
mission statement Unified School District will educate
every student to become a lifelong learner by providing a
safe and supportive environment that Fosters Collective
responsibility for each Student Success.
All right. Thank you. Um, we next have our public comment
period because this is a special board meeting. Um, any
public comments must be related to items that are on the
agenda today.
Um, do we have I don't see anyone in person. Do we have
anyone online? No, 1 online Okay. Um
And I'm going to go ahead and move on to the action item
for this evening, which is a resolution, um for the
election in November.
Yes, I did receive um, 1 media inquiry and uh 1 public
inquiry about why we're holding a special meeting this
evening. Uh, and I'll take full responsibility that this
was a resolution that should have been brought at our last
board meeting, uh, as the board knows we Consolidated the 2
board meetings to 1, uh, and staff was really focused on
the direction the board was going with the sfid, uh
resolution, uh for a potential Bond, uh, and this was just
an oversight on our part and I apologize.
guys for that so tonight's resolution is to allow for the
board to authorize um for to inform the county, uh office
of uh education in the county Allama County Register of
Voters, uh for us to actually uh order a an election, uh
request for consolidation and specifications for the
election, uh order and in this case, uh, this is for the
areas of 1 3 and 4. Uh, and so we need this resolution, uh
to meet the statutory deadline, uh, which is uh the 5th of
July to get this resolution to the register of Voters.
Thank you for that clarification. Um trustee Terrier. Yes.
I have a I have a clarifying question. Sure. Okay, great,
um in the resolution, I noticed we're maintaining the
500 dollar uh payment that goes towards
the uh candidate statement and those candidate statement
fees are based on kind of the size of the election. I know
it's more for presidential election than
Cubatur and all action, but but not a whole lot.
but my question is, um
when I did my first election.
16 years ago now
um
the $500 covered.
The full cost of the candidate statement and as in the
intervening years the 500 dollars now is is
based on the last time I ran a year ago was roughly a
little more than half.
and I'm guessing this time it's going to be about half of
the cost of the of the of the statement and
I I was wondering did you give any consideration?
To raising that due to higher costs over the years because
like I say 16 years ago covered the whole cost.
I did not give any consideration to that. Uh, I didn't take
that into the account. Uh, this is something that we could
make the adjustment of the board. We like to change that
amount. I have the ability to do that before I send it off.
Um, but uh, it was the same amount that we did at the last
election. It says I wasn't here for the last election.
Well, I guess I was here for the last election know it
wasn't
I was here since it wasn't any issue was brought up then we
just copied it for this 1 so I it was a
I just we're bringing up then since I would be 1 of the
people benefiting but now I'm not 1 of the people
benefiting so I feel on a little firmer ground to uh to to
to bring it up.
um anyway when we get to the
Comment section of this, uh item, I I may propose that we
increase that. Thank you.
Is there any other questions?
Does someone want to make a motion?
regarding this
Um, I'll make a motion that we approve.
resolution 202425 Dash 03
with the modification to increase
the uh amount paid for the candidate statement
from 500 to 900
I'll second.
How much was it? Oh, I'm sorry.
We have a motion in a second. Um the original
um
resolution called for 500 and that's what it's been for a
while and you're sending to 900.
Are there any additional motions or questions, uh trustee
spec?
I don't have another motion. I would just say I'm I'm
definitely on board with increasing it. I I'm the only
reason I didn't second is I would have gone with 800
because I feel like I didn't have to pay it 2 years ago
because no 1 rann against me but 4 years ago. Um, I believe
it was in the 8 0 0. 0 0 0
but if if you want to make a an alternate motion of 800,
uh, we can vote on that 1
Okay, then I'll I'll make an alternate motion of.
approving
resolution number 2425 Dash 03, uh with the 800 dollar
limit on the dollar amount.
Do you want to do it up to 800?
Or do you want to up to up to or including 800? Okay.
Hold on a second.
Okay. So now we have
another motion
We can go to go for a third unless.
I don't see anyone else making a motion on that 1.
um
Then I'm going to go ahead and call for a vote starting
with our last motion, which is um up to 800 dollars for the
ballot statement.
um, trustee pwani I
everyone else
I I motion carries unanimously.
And that was our only item on the agenda.
Hopefully anyone who has joined us this evening has uh
enjoyed the brief meeting. Um, so I will take a motion to